README.md, before:

# LeetCode2025
<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [0045-jump-game-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0045-jump-game-ii) |
| [0055-jump-game](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0055-jump-game) |
| [0080-remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0080-remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array-ii) |
| [0090-subsets-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0090-subsets-ii) |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0122-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0122-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii) |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [0189-rotate-array](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0189-rotate-array) |
| [1510-find-lucky-integer-in-an-array](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/1510-find-lucky-integer-in-an-array) |
| [1995-finding-pairs-with-a-certain-sum](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/1995-finding-pairs-with-a-certain-sum) |
| [2215-finding-3-digit-even-numbers](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/2215-finding-3-digit-even-numbers) |
| [3142-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3142-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-ii) |
| [3143-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-i](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3143-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-i) |
| [3241-divide-array-into-arrays-with-max-difference](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3241-divide-array-into-arrays-with-max-difference) |
| [3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values) |
| [3321-type-of-triangle](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3321-type-of-triangle) |
| [3490-find-the-maximum-length-of-valid-subsequence-i](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3490-find-the-maximum-length-of-valid-subsequence-i) |
| [3491-find-the-maximum-length-of-valid-subsequence-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3491-find-the-maximum-length-of-valid-subsequence-ii) |
## Hash Table
|  |
| ------- |
| [0141-linked-list-cycle](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0141-linked-list-cycle) |
| [0142-linked-list-cycle-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0142-linked-list-cycle-ii) |
| [0160-intersection-of-two-linked-lists](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0160-intersection-of-two-linked-lists) |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [1510-find-lucky-integer-in-an-array](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/1510-find-lucky-integer-in-an-array) |
| [1995-finding-pairs-with-a-certain-sum](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/1995-finding-pairs-with-a-certain-sum) |
| [2215-finding-3-digit-even-numbers](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/2215-finding-3-digit-even-numbers) |
| [3360-minimum-deletions-to-make-string-k-special](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3360-minimum-deletions-to-make-string-k-special) |
| [3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars) |
| [3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i) |
| [3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii) |
## Divide and Conquer
|  |
| ------- |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
## Sorting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [2215-finding-3-digit-even-numbers](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/2215-finding-3-digit-even-numbers) |
| [3241-divide-array-into-arrays-with-max-difference](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3241-divide-array-into-arrays-with-max-difference) |
| [3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values) |
| [3321-type-of-triangle](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3321-type-of-triangle) |
| [3360-minimum-deletions-to-make-string-k-special](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3360-minimum-deletions-to-make-string-k-special) |
## Counting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [1510-find-lucky-integer-in-an-array](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/1510-find-lucky-integer-in-an-array) |
| [3360-minimum-deletions-to-make-string-k-special](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3360-minimum-deletions-to-make-string-k-special) |
| [3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i) |
| [3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii) |
## Two Pointers
|  |
| ------- |
| [0080-remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0080-remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array-ii) |
| [0141-linked-list-cycle](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0141-linked-list-cycle) |
| [0142-linked-list-cycle-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0142-linked-list-cycle-ii) |
| [0160-intersection-of-two-linked-lists](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0160-intersection-of-two-linked-lists) |
| [0189-rotate-array](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0189-rotate-array) |
## Enumeration
|  |
| ------- |
| [2215-finding-3-digit-even-numbers](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/2215-finding-3-digit-even-numbers) |
## Math
|  |
| ------- |
| [0189-rotate-array](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0189-rotate-array) |
| [0795-k-th-symbol-in-grammar](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0795-k-th-symbol-in-grammar) |
| [1411-convert-binary-number-in-a-linked-list-to-integer](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/1411-convert-binary-number-in-a-linked-list-to-integer) |
| [1529-max-difference-you-can-get-from-changing-an-integer](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/1529-max-difference-you-can-get-from-changing-an-integer) |
| [3321-type-of-triangle](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3321-type-of-triangle) |
| [3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i) |
| [3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii) |
| [3682-count-the-number-of-arrays-with-k-matching-adjacent-elements](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3682-count-the-number-of-arrays-with-k-matching-adjacent-elements) |
## String
|  |
| ------- |
| [0800-letter-case-permutation](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0800-letter-case-permutation) |
| [1302-delete-characters-to-make-fancy-string](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/1302-delete-characters-to-make-fancy-string) |
| [1818-maximum-score-from-removing-substrings](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/1818-maximum-score-from-removing-substrings) |
| [3142-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3142-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-ii) |
| [3143-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-i](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3143-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-i) |
| [3360-minimum-deletions-to-make-string-k-special](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3360-minimum-deletions-to-make-string-k-special) |
| [3396-valid-word](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3396-valid-word) |
| [3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars) |
| [3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i) |
| [3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii) |
## Dynamic Programming
|  |
| ------- |
| [0045-jump-game-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0045-jump-game-ii) |
| [0055-jump-game](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0055-jump-game) |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0122-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0122-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii) |
| [2061-painting-a-grid-with-three-different-colors](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/2061-painting-a-grid-with-three-different-colors) |
| [3142-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3142-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-ii) |
| [3143-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-i](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3143-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-i) |
| [3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values) |
| [3490-find-the-maximum-length-of-valid-subsequence-i](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3490-find-the-maximum-length-of-valid-subsequence-i) |
| [3491-find-the-maximum-length-of-valid-subsequence-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3491-find-the-maximum-length-of-valid-subsequence-ii) |
| [3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i) |
| [3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii) |
## Greedy
|  |
| ------- |
| [0045-jump-game-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0045-jump-game-ii) |
| [0055-jump-game](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0055-jump-game) |
| [0122-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0122-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii) |
| [1529-max-difference-you-can-get-from-changing-an-integer](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/1529-max-difference-you-can-get-from-changing-an-integer) |
| [1818-maximum-score-from-removing-substrings](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/1818-maximum-score-from-removing-substrings) |
| [3143-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-i](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3143-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-i) |
| [3241-divide-array-into-arrays-with-max-difference](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3241-divide-array-into-arrays-with-max-difference) |
| [3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values) |
| [3360-minimum-deletions-to-make-string-k-special](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3360-minimum-deletions-to-make-string-k-special) |
| [3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars) |
## Bit Manipulation
|  |
| ------- |
| [0090-subsets-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0090-subsets-ii) |
| [0795-k-th-symbol-in-grammar](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0795-k-th-symbol-in-grammar) |
| [0800-letter-case-permutation](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0800-letter-case-permutation) |
| [3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values) |
## Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree) |
| [3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values) |
## Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [1818-maximum-score-from-removing-substrings](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/1818-maximum-score-from-removing-substrings) |
| [3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars) |
## Heap (Priority Queue)
|  |
| ------- |
| [3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars) |
## Depth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree) |
| [0386-lexicographical-numbers](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0386-lexicographical-numbers) |
## Trie
|  |
| ------- |
| [0386-lexicographical-numbers](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0386-lexicographical-numbers) |
| [0440-k-th-smallest-in-lexicographical-order](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0440-k-th-smallest-in-lexicographical-order) |
## Backtracking
|  |
| ------- |
| [0090-subsets-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0090-subsets-ii) |
| [0800-letter-case-permutation](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0800-letter-case-permutation) |
## Combinatorics
|  |
| ------- |
| [3682-count-the-number-of-arrays-with-k-matching-adjacent-elements](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3682-count-the-number-of-arrays-with-k-matching-adjacent-elements) |
## Breadth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree) |
## Binary Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree) |
## Recursion
|  |
| ------- |
| [0795-k-th-symbol-in-grammar](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0795-k-th-symbol-in-grammar) |
## Design
|  |
| ------- |
| [1995-finding-pairs-with-a-certain-sum](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/1995-finding-pairs-with-a-certain-sum) |
## Linked List
|  |
| ------- |
| [0141-linked-list-cycle](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0141-linked-list-cycle) |
| [0142-linked-list-cycle-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0142-linked-list-cycle-ii) |
| [0160-intersection-of-two-linked-lists](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0160-intersection-of-two-linked-lists) |
| [1411-convert-binary-number-in-a-linked-list-to-integer](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/1411-convert-binary-number-in-a-linked-list-to-integer) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->

Commit message:

3748-SORT-MATRIX-BY-DIAGONALS Stats: Time: 11 ms (50.82%), Space: 43.4 MB (70.78%) - LeetHub

README.md, after:

# LeetCode2025
<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [0045-jump-game-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0045-jump-game-ii) |
| [0055-jump-game](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0055-jump-game) |
| [0080-remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0080-remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array-ii) |
| [0090-subsets-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0090-subsets-ii) |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0122-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0122-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii) |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [0189-rotate-array](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0189-rotate-array) |
| [1510-find-lucky-integer-in-an-array](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/1510-find-lucky-integer-in-an-array) |
| [1995-finding-pairs-with-a-certain-sum](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/1995-finding-pairs-with-a-certain-sum) |
| [2215-finding-3-digit-even-numbers](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/2215-finding-3-digit-even-numbers) |
| [3142-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3142-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-ii) |
| [3143-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-i](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3143-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-i) |
| [3241-divide-array-into-arrays-with-max-difference](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3241-divide-array-into-arrays-with-max-difference) |
| [3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values) |
| [3321-type-of-triangle](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3321-type-of-triangle) |
| [3490-find-the-maximum-length-of-valid-subsequence-i](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3490-find-the-maximum-length-of-valid-subsequence-i) |
| [3491-find-the-maximum-length-of-valid-subsequence-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3491-find-the-maximum-length-of-valid-subsequence-ii) |
| [3748-sort-matrix-by-diagonals](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3748-sort-matrix-by-diagonals) |
## Hash Table
|  |
| ------- |
| [0141-linked-list-cycle](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0141-linked-list-cycle) |
| [0142-linked-list-cycle-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0142-linked-list-cycle-ii) |
| [0160-intersection-of-two-linked-lists](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0160-intersection-of-two-linked-lists) |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [1510-find-lucky-integer-in-an-array](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/1510-find-lucky-integer-in-an-array) |
| [1995-finding-pairs-with-a-certain-sum](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/1995-finding-pairs-with-a-certain-sum) |
| [2215-finding-3-digit-even-numbers](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/2215-finding-3-digit-even-numbers) |
| [3360-minimum-deletions-to-make-string-k-special](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3360-minimum-deletions-to-make-string-k-special) |
| [3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars) |
| [3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i) |
| [3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii) |
## Divide and Conquer
|  |
| ------- |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
## Sorting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [2215-finding-3-digit-even-numbers](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/2215-finding-3-digit-even-numbers) |
| [3241-divide-array-into-arrays-with-max-difference](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3241-divide-array-into-arrays-with-max-difference) |
| [3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values) |
| [3321-type-of-triangle](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3321-type-of-triangle) |
| [3360-minimum-deletions-to-make-string-k-special](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3360-minimum-deletions-to-make-string-k-special) |
| [3748-sort-matrix-by-diagonals](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3748-sort-matrix-by-diagonals) |
## Counting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [1510-find-lucky-integer-in-an-array](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/1510-find-lucky-integer-in-an-array) |
| [3360-minimum-deletions-to-make-string-k-special](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3360-minimum-deletions-to-make-string-k-special) |
| [3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i) |
| [3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii) |
## Two Pointers
|  |
| ------- |
| [0080-remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0080-remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array-ii) |
| [0141-linked-list-cycle](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0141-linked-list-cycle) |
| [0142-linked-list-cycle-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0142-linked-list-cycle-ii) |
| [0160-intersection-of-two-linked-lists](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0160-intersection-of-two-linked-lists) |
| [0189-rotate-array](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0189-rotate-array) |
## Enumeration
|  |
| ------- |
| [2215-finding-3-digit-even-numbers](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/2215-finding-3-digit-even-numbers) |
## Math
|  |
| ------- |
| [0189-rotate-array](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0189-rotate-array) |
| [0795-k-th-symbol-in-grammar](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0795-k-th-symbol-in-grammar) |
| [1411-convert-binary-number-in-a-linked-list-to-integer](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/1411-convert-binary-number-in-a-linked-list-to-integer) |
| [1529-max-difference-you-can-get-from-changing-an-integer](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/1529-max-difference-you-can-get-from-changing-an-integer) |
| [3321-type-of-triangle](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3321-type-of-triangle) |
| [3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i) |
| [3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii) |
| [3682-count-the-number-of-arrays-with-k-matching-adjacent-elements](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3682-count-the-number-of-arrays-with-k-matching-adjacent-elements) |
## String
|  |
| ------- |
| [0800-letter-case-permutation](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0800-letter-case-permutation) |
| [1302-delete-characters-to-make-fancy-string](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/1302-delete-characters-to-make-fancy-string) |
| [1818-maximum-score-from-removing-substrings](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/1818-maximum-score-from-removing-substrings) |
| [3142-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3142-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-ii) |
| [3143-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-i](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3143-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-i) |
| [3360-minimum-deletions-to-make-string-k-special](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3360-minimum-deletions-to-make-string-k-special) |
| [3396-valid-word](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3396-valid-word) |
| [3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars) |
| [3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i) |
| [3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii) |
## Dynamic Programming
|  |
| ------- |
| [0045-jump-game-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0045-jump-game-ii) |
| [0055-jump-game](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0055-jump-game) |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0122-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0122-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii) |
| [2061-painting-a-grid-with-three-different-colors](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/2061-painting-a-grid-with-three-different-colors) |
| [3142-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3142-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-ii) |
| [3143-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-i](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3143-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-i) |
| [3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values) |
| [3490-find-the-maximum-length-of-valid-subsequence-i](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3490-find-the-maximum-length-of-valid-subsequence-i) |
| [3491-find-the-maximum-length-of-valid-subsequence-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3491-find-the-maximum-length-of-valid-subsequence-ii) |
| [3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i) |
| [3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii) |
## Greedy
|  |
| ------- |
| [0045-jump-game-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0045-jump-game-ii) |
| [0055-jump-game](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0055-jump-game) |
| [0122-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0122-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii) |
| [1529-max-difference-you-can-get-from-changing-an-integer](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/1529-max-difference-you-can-get-from-changing-an-integer) |
| [1818-maximum-score-from-removing-substrings](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/1818-maximum-score-from-removing-substrings) |
| [3143-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-i](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3143-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-i) |
| [3241-divide-array-into-arrays-with-max-difference](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3241-divide-array-into-arrays-with-max-difference) |
| [3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values) |
| [3360-minimum-deletions-to-make-string-k-special](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3360-minimum-deletions-to-make-string-k-special) |
| [3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars) |
## Bit Manipulation
|  |
| ------- |
| [0090-subsets-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0090-subsets-ii) |
| [0795-k-th-symbol-in-grammar](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0795-k-th-symbol-in-grammar) |
| [0800-letter-case-permutation](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0800-letter-case-permutation) |
| [3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values) |
## Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree) |
| [3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values) |
## Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [1818-maximum-score-from-removing-substrings](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/1818-maximum-score-from-removing-substrings) |
| [3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars) |
## Heap (Priority Queue)
|  |
| ------- |
| [3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars) |
## Depth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree) |
| [0386-lexicographical-numbers](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0386-lexicographical-numbers) |
## Trie
|  |
| ------- |
| [0386-lexicographical-numbers](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0386-lexicographical-numbers) |
| [0440-k-th-smallest-in-lexicographical-order](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0440-k-th-smallest-in-lexicographical-order) |
## Backtracking
|  |
| ------- |
| [0090-subsets-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0090-subsets-ii) |
| [0800-letter-case-permutation](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0800-letter-case-permutation) |
## Combinatorics
|  |
| ------- |
| [3682-count-the-number-of-arrays-with-k-matching-adjacent-elements](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3682-count-the-number-of-arrays-with-k-matching-adjacent-elements) |
## Breadth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree) |
## Binary Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree) |
## Recursion
|  |
| ------- |
| [0795-k-th-symbol-in-grammar](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0795-k-th-symbol-in-grammar) |
## Design
|  |
| ------- |
| [1995-finding-pairs-with-a-certain-sum](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/1995-finding-pairs-with-a-certain-sum) |
## Linked List
|  |
| ------- |
| [0141-linked-list-cycle](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0141-linked-list-cycle) |
| [0142-linked-list-cycle-ii](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0142-linked-list-cycle-ii) |
| [0160-intersection-of-two-linked-lists](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/0160-intersection-of-two-linked-lists) |
| [1411-convert-binary-number-in-a-linked-list-to-integer](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/1411-convert-binary-number-in-a-linked-list-to-integer) |
## Matrix
|  |
| ------- |
| [3748-sort-matrix-by-diagonals](https://github.com/saptarshisarkar20/LeetCode2025/tree/master/3748-sort-matrix-by-diagonals) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->
